# Induction Program
## DAY 1
-It was my first day in gndec college,ludhiana.As the college is named after guru nanak dev ji,so in college gurudwara we started our new journey with his blessings. there was shabad kirtan in college gurudwara from 8:30AM to 9:30AM. [img](https://gndec.ac.in/gndec/2023/WhatsApp%20Image%202023-04-20%20at%2011.13.22%20PM%20(4).jpeg).after that there was tea and snacks refreshments by college to the new comers and then we all gathered in auditorium for inaugural ceremony arranged by our professors and seniors very beautifully.once the ceremony was started, our host invited our speakers who delivered us useful and motivational messages about our college life.............................at last, we all went to our alloted classes for further interaction with our teachers and professorsand after interaction we went to see our labs where we will do our practical work in future. this day was full of meeting new people and learning new things.
## DAY 2
-On the second day of our college, there was a english proficiency test and maths proficiency test in first two hours which was of +2 level and was not that difficult to attempt. then there was an expert lecture by Dr.Arashdeep singh on "FOOD:A pivotal role in students overall wellness".He tells us how every food has different impact on different people due to different body processing and how a student should maintain his diet to keep him/her healthy and fit.he also clear some food myths that are common in this world about food combinations.Then, a session by causmic club members were given about causmic club which include various activities inside and outside college and how we can also contribute in it by taking part in it and then they launched various induction activities which we have to perform in 15 days of induction program and will help us to move easily from school life to college life.
## DAY 3
-On the third day of our college,an expert lecture was given by Dr.Jaswinder Singh (incharge of IAPT) on science and maths experiments.he showed us many interesting experiments of science and maths . he also have a great knowledge in the field of spirituality which he has also given us. at last he taught us the true meaning of "BHAGWAAN" . after this lecture Dr.Priya Darshni gave a very motivational and meaningfull lecture on "Universal Human Values". she explaines us how to live our life happily and healthily , how to give priority to major tasks in our daily life and to maintain our daily schedule. she gave us the assignment to observe how much time we give to different tasks in a day.it was a very interesting lecture.
